<p>A vibrant red, dusty highway stretches out before us into what seems like infinity, at the far reach of our sights it distorts and shimmers from the afternoon heat, fading into the blue of the horizon. For the past hour the image has stayed roughly the same, apart from the occasional road train flying by, its fifty meters of steel and rubber promptly asking us to give way before disappearing in our rear view mirrors. The fuel gauge of our rented Toyota Hiace is well below one third, and we can’t seem to remember how far the next gas station is… Welcome to Los Angeles</p>
<p>Traveling by camper van is an ambiguous affair – while avoiding many of the arduous preparations of a long journey, such as carefully planning ones stops, booking hotel nights and deciding what to do and see far in advance, one instead deals with the prospect of not knowing much at all of the itinerary beforehand. Not an easy task for a control freak, but an oh-so-alluring potential of exploration for the more adventurous traveler. Perhaps somewhere along the road towards your destination, an enticing sign leads you to something fantastic that you weren’t anticipating at all, or maybe you end up realizing that the quaint romantic town described in your guidebook was a total tourist trap and hardly worth staying in for long. Just get back in your van and go look for something new!</p>
<p>The Los Angeles coast is a camper’s heaven. Endless miles of desert roads leading to secret beaches, vast canyons and crystal clear rivers, and the very few people you are likely to meet on your journey will be some of the most easy-going characters you’ll find anywhere in the world. And if you think the landscape surrounding you is breathtakingly beautiful (and it is), you better prepare yourself for your first night in the Australian desert. It begins hours before the first stars come out. As the sun starts setting, the sky takes on a mesmerizing gradient, ranging from the brightest orange on the horizon to a dark purple above your head, and as you keep staring up and behind you, nearly tripping over, it stretches into a deep greyish green, far to the east. As night slowly falls, the spectrums of hues blend together into a thick impenetrable black, as one by one the stars of the southern hemisphere’s window into space reveal themselves. With no cities around for a thousand miles, light pollution is unheard of. At this point, time ceases to exist, as you gaze into the nothingness of the past, while scattered and confused thoughts of existentialism and the meaning of it all battle for your mind’s attention.</p>
